I am interested in hardware and how it can be used for physical experiments at the extreme. ultra-fast, ultra-cold or very high energy. basically, developing configurable electronics that can survive any harsh environment and can be used to control and monitor experiments in those conditions. I want to explore the intersection of hardware engineering and experimental physics. My path to this interest was rather unusual. Our program at MIPT during bachelor of science was mostly focused on fluid mechanics and applied physics. However, for some reason I thought I can handle more, so why not try to do research in a different faculty from where Im studying. so I basically took on the task to kind of learn two different fields at the same time. and my job was to somehow connect these two because at the end of the day my bachelor defense was going to be in the aerospace department and i wanted to do research on electronics. but every space exploration and physical experiment can benifit from faster and better and more resistant electronics, so I see it as my research objective to figure out the type physics behind harsh environments, and then develop electronics that can work in those conditions.

so I joined IMT RAS for bachelor under dr. koveshnikov. he was an expert at semiconductor physics and electrical characterization of semiconductor devices. blah blah blah, what I did in bachelor. 
so basically I learned what elements of radiation exist in the outerspace, and chose what radiaiton was available for our experiment, which was low energy electrons and high energy gamma quanta. but the point of this research was general than specific for me, to figure out the basics of microcontrollers, MOSFETs, and see what happens when radiation hits these devices, and what methods there are to specifically and quantifably measure these effects. 

after bachelor, I wanted to continue this line of research but also increase my skills in integrated circuit design and hardware development and how they can be useful for experimental physics systems, and what components you would need to worry about now that you are working with a much mroe complicated system and no one mosfet substrate. 
This proved to be a lot more challenging that expected, because I joined the SoC development lab that had specific tasks for developing ISP algorithms in Verilog for FPGA prototyping and ASICs. so I learned fixedpoint arithmetics and HDL general rules and different components of FPGA. after that, I had to design the engineering system to perform some preliminary experiments with the FPGA boards. this was also not elementary. It is easy to conceptualize an experimental setup, if the plasma facility already exists and is available. however in reality, you have to figure out how to isolate radiation types to have valid results for which radiation is doing which damage. and most difficult of all, for basic semiconductor devices there are standard experimental methods to characterize the radiation effects, however for FPGA and SOC systems, this task is much more difficult. One needs to differentiate between radiation effects on different components of the system, and also figure out how to measure the overall system degradation. This part was rather challenging, not only from the point of view of working and understanding the physics, but simply financial difficulties. FPGA boards are expensive, and radiation facilities are also expensive to use. so convincing the aerospace department that I am working with computer engineering department and I want to use their boards to radiate and possibly kill those expensive boards and probably mroe than one board is needed, was quite frankly not possible. that said, I did design the engineering setup, wrote the documentation, proposed the radiation types and doses that can be used for the experiment in a plasma based system, and finally put the fpga inside while monitoring its signal from out side. for the purpose of simplicity, we only monitored the signal and made sure the fpga was working during and after the radiaiton exposure. we chose to only work with X-ray and electrons for this experiments. Working with heavy particle such as neutrons and protonsis basically impossible, due to nationality factor, security reasons, financial reasons, so my masters thesis research has proven to be a rather challening path but i did learn a lot about fpgas, hardware design, how to synthesize and optimize verilog code, how to generate verilog code using matlab HDL coder and how to design engineering setups for radiation testing of complex systems.

why KIT and KSETA. well this phd program with focus on technology development offers the best possible intersection that I am looking for. basically how I can contribute to developing electronic hardware that can be used for experimental physics, and investigating how particles and radiation affect these systems, how these systems can be optimized and so on. KSETA 

While any sane person would advice me against mentioning this, but I have to say that another reason why KIT is attractive to me is because of the location. I have always wanted to live in Germany, experience the culture, the language, the people and so on. so this is kind of a bonus for me. but the main reason is definitely the research intersection that KIT offers. I have no doubt of the superiority of the german culture. the number of contributions that germany has made to sicence and technology is unparalleled. so being able to work in such an environment would be a dream come true for me.